## Thought Process
<ol type="1">
    <li>We first looked at all of the design layouts and figured out all of the motors and servos that we used</li>
    <li>Using these variables, we initaled them with corresponding names in functions like Initialize_Autonomous</li>
    <li>We did not know what the exact speed or angle to initalize the motors and servos so we added comments to edit them during testing</li>
    <li>We created several functions in this DRobotClass.java class to open and close the claw, move in any several directions, and also to rotate the robot. Using this class, we could perform any actions that the robot needed to make, in any file</li>
    <li>We also realized that currently we had several variables that we needed to use constantly throughout several files, so we created a DRobotUtil.java to store all of these global variables, such as the chasis width, and wheels width</li>
    <li>After finishing the DRobotClass.java and DRobotUtil.java, we started working on the DTeleOpClass.java, but we only worked on the buttons, no joysticks or actual robot movements.</li>
    <li>Then we were initally planning on just using all of these different movement functions, like move forward, move right, and move left and trigger them based on the joystick movement. We could also determine how far we wanted to go by using a constant and using a while loop. But, instead of using several functions, we could just use one, Any directional movement functions, that gets an angle and distance as parameters. Then we could determine the angle based on the x and y axis with the joysticks, and then just use a constant and a while loop that updates when the joystick values are updated.</li>
    <li>After finishing the TeleOp mode, we immediately did research on how Vuforia works, how we could implement it and we found an answer. We can use Vuforia to detect how many disks are in the starter stack infront of us, and using that we could determine the dropzone for the wobble goals. After concluding this, we found a boilerplate online to initalize Vuforia in our apps, we created an account in https://developer.vuforia.com/ to get our access token</li>
    <li>After initializing Vuforia, we understood the results that it ouputs and then we realized how we could use the results. Essentially, Vuforia needs several images to compare the live feed that it is recieving from the camera. Using this comparison, Vuforia gives back a boolean. We could use this boolean to perform different tasks. These tasks could be broken down into asynchronous tasks, so one would only run after the previous task is completed. We call of these tasks Threads, based on the java class Threads.</li>
    <li>We determined all of the different threads we would need and how we could apply these threads in different cases and outputs of Vuforia. These threads could be used in simple if statements with Vuforia's outputs. After determining these threads, we built them out and placed ran the threads in different if cases.</li>
</ol>